Update glossary (#527)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/glossary.md

## C

> ### Continuous Professional Development (CPD)
> 
> Area around offering training for teachers.

Reviewer: I don't think this term is teacher-specific? And should it be de-capitalised? 🤔 

```suggestion
### Continuous professional development (CPD)

A generic term referring to training of people already qualified and in employment. Avoid using the acronym, or spell it out on first use.
```

Outstanding schools that work with others to provide high quality training to new and experienced staff. Cannot be lead schools or providers.

### Teaching Vacancies (TVS)

> Service to [find and apply for teaching jobs](https://teaching-vacancies.service.gov.uk/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service for [advertising, finding and applying for teaching jobs](https://teaching-vacancies.service.gov.uk/). Capitalised. Do not use the acronym publicly.
```

Reviewer 2: Should `vacancies` be capitalised?

Reviewer: Possibly not, but it is on [the service](https://teaching-vacancies.service.gov.uk/).
